🧑‍💻 Transition Unguard to Helm (#47)
dynatrace-oss/unguard: docs/DEV-GUIDE.md

        kind create cluster --name unguard --config ./k8s-manifests/localdev/kind/cluster-config.yaml
        ```

>       * Optional add NGINX-Ingress

Reviewer: [ISSUE] Be more specific here
```suggestion
      * Optionally add an nginx ingress controller if you want to expose Unguard locally without port-forwarding
```

1. Use `skaffold` to build and deploy the application.
   The first full build will take up to 20 minutes.
   If the images should be rebuilt automatically, run `skaffold dev`.

>     > **Note**: If you deploy with **minikube** don't forget to forward the Docker daemon first (see above)

Reviewer: skaffold pretty reliably detects a running minikube and should adapt automatically, so not sure if we should repeat this here. Maybe even put the whole paragraph above into a troubleshooting section at the bottom.
Seee https://skaffold.dev/docs/environment/local-cluster/#auto-detection

Run `skaffold delete` with the chosen profile used to start unguard to clean up the deployed resources.

```sh
skaffold delete -p localdev
```

## 🙋‍♀️ FAQ

### What are skaffold profiles?

Have a look at the profiles that are supported in `skaffold.yaml`.

> Often, you might also want to also deploy **Jaeger**. [See these instructions](TRACING.md)

Reviewer: [CLARIFY] This looks misleading, the `tracing` profile would not install Jaeger? Maybe rephrase this?
```suggestion
To enable distributed tracing, install a tracing collector like **Jaeger** and use the `tracing` profile. [See these instructions.](TRACING.md)
```
Also, shouldn't we link here to docs/JAEGER-TRACING-DEPLOYMENT.md?

Author: Yes. TRACING.md also needs to be deleted/reworked
